What's up ladies and gentlemen Mark Peiser with DENSELOW dot com and our very first website we're going
to conclude in this video Vecsey gone quite a bit and I know you've watched a series of videos because
I'm talking but like literally once you know all the stuff you can build this web page in less than
five minutes which is pretty awesome.
So what I want to do is just finish off the website a few more finishing touches here maybe embed a
YouTube video.
Ooh that makes sense right.
So let's do that now.
OK so we've got a table here.
It probably makes sense to put another horizontal rule in here.
H.R. and then a little line to break things up.
And this time let's go ahead and pretend you know we're trying to sell something right so we won't have
some bullet points as to why soap's is awesome and amazing so this time we're going to use an ordered
list.
Oh well.
OK.
And same format right list item.
So what I want to do is above this order list here is say you know why should you choose those right
so we're going to say this time and H2 are too wide of slopes.
So it is smaller than the first and the Suydam one is going to say real world real world coding.
I like that.
Maybe a real world cup cover dash the real world like the dash looks good.
Real world coding.
Can we build real apps right.
Fun and exciting fun and exciting.
Lots of terrible jokes to go around the side I'm affordable which it is.
Some companies charge $200 a month.
Not desktops you get all this for a very low price.
So real world coding fun and exciting and affordable although I feel like I broke something fun and
exciting affordable.
I put in number one here.
That's why that should be an L and and-I and this is also number one.
Wow.
Wow what did they do with these number ones here.
I'm trippin out OK.
Here you go.
So list items.
Boom boom boom.
I like that a lot.
OK great.
Now you're not sold enough.
Right.
You've come the Web site.
You're starting to feel good but you're not quite there.
So now we need an actual video.
You know MacDuff So it's really exciting so we're going to go to YouTube dot com slash see slash def
slopes and find a really exciting video here this fact.
This one's great.
1385 use this is great.
What does this add avocados from Mexico.
Sorry getting distracted.
We do not want any avocados from Mexico we American avocados.
And so here's our I-frame.
Ok cool.
So I just wanted the embed and I grabbed the I-frame here and I'm just going to paste it under the ordered
list.
OK.
And look at that.
That is pretty darn cool.
If I do say so myself.
Wow.
Really.
Yeah I like it a lot.
I like it a lot.
Well give a nice little border to firm border.
How about one yeah.
So pretty cool right.
The I-frame allows you to embed things I-frame is just a container.
OK we're not going to go into all the depths of an I-frame the best way to learn how to code and build
web apps is actually from building full scale web apps which we are going to be doing later in this
course.
I really don't like to teach every little thing and break it out because it can be very boring and mundane
but just know the I-frame is available to you and you know you can do lots of different things with
it.
So now we get this cool video although I don't like the freeze frame that it really picked on it but
it turned out pretty good here.
OK.
And of course you can play it
Redfoo coder is pretty cool.
LMI feel sexy and I know it.
OK.
So I-frame that looks good.
So why does subs we've now picked it out you can of course change this.
You know I don't have the aspect ratio dimensions so but if I said let's say 400 and let's get to 50.
Again I don't know the aspect ratio I'm probably stretching it a little bit here but it's maybe a little
bit better smaller like this which is fine allow full screen is fine.
OK.
So we'll leave that in there.
And let's go ahead and put another H.R. just to break things up a little bit here.
So our Web page is really coming together here and divide it under there.
Last thing we probably on our page is a contact form of some kind.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's make another hetter say you want to say contact us or go the bottom here.
And what else do we want here.
How it formed so we can use the forum tag and we can put some elements in here.
So what I want to do is say first name ok.
Scroll down.
There's the first name and what I want to do is put the input in here input type equals text.
All right.
And there's a box there now.
I don't like how it's on the same line as you can see down here.
So what I actually want to do is after the first name I want to break.
So B R and B are you used to have to put a slash in there to close it but you don't have to do that
anymore.
OK.
And we're going to do it again because I still don't like how close it is to the first name.
I want a little bit or a little bit more space.
So we go there's the first name and there's the box for the first name.
OK this is looking pretty good.
Yeah.
And then let's go ahead and put a last name in it and say the last name.
And we're going to say B R
Maybe I'll take this one off and I'll put the B are on here and we'll do two on this one.
That's better.
I'd like that better.
OK let's put another input input type equals text.
OK.
And we're going to just say
Actually this should probably just be name and email your say email.
OK.
Type equals text.
I like it.
And let's do another B R and another B are to break the line.
Break it up there a little bit.
And then this one put a button in OK button is going to say submit submit like so I like it.
Cool.
Yeah let's see here.
So I want to show you something here.
We have two buttons now.
One is actually a button tag and one is an input tag with a value of type submit and submit is just
really a button and you can use either one.
There's no right there's no one that's better than the other.
And both of these can invoke javascript.
OK so you're going to see this in this course and other places as well too.
And you're also going to see an HMO that you can do more.
One thing multiple ways and so submit and submit.
OK.
We're going to leave the button just for sake of clarity right now and look at this we've got a contact
form you put your first name in.
Even refreshes the page.
Look at that.
You can put your name in and your email in it.
And I think that's pretty cool.
Welcome to those who got our links up here a little bit of text here.
The courses that you can buy Why does slopes.
And then we've got this video here that you can watch and it's all coming together.
That's it.
We've really built our first web site here.
And the crazy thing is.
Here is the crazy thing.
What you just learned here is 95 percent of the time that you'll be using every day.
And I'm not saying that you're not going to use javascript or other things you will.
But my point is I started working on our Web site actually dustups Web site and I'll show you right
here I'll show you.
We just at time of recording we came out this book.
OK.
So I'll tell you what I quoted I coded up today.
I slung some code today.
Click the book tab.
I built this whole web page.
OK.
All right.
Pretty cool right.
And everything that we've basically used except maybe the image tag really everything that we've used
today is what I use.
I didn't use anything else.
I didn't even use tables I used.
Right here I used an unordered list took off the bullet points and these are just p tags here.
This is like an h n H2 H1.
This is just a buy in.
This is just a header here.
This is another.
This one's in an ordered list.
The only one I haven't showed you is an image which I'm going to show you right now.
How do we get you know images on our Web site.
Of course what kind of coding Web site do we have without having some type of image.
So let's just see what the Internet has to say about that slopes.
Good images.
Oh look at this nice little logo.
I like that a lot.
You image.
Let's go ahead and just take this image here a logo for a web site.
All right.
And let's go over here to our Web site and maybe inside the body we're just going to place an image.
I am the source equals we're going to paste in the image.
OK.
Impress safe and see what happens and we get that we have a nice little image here.
Actually it's pretty huge but cool.
We've got an image on our Web site and I think that's pretty darn cool.
Things were probably going to want to do just for sake of completion is give it an alternate tag slopes
logo this is in case the image can't load for some reason or let's say accessibility so is blind and
the computer reads to them it's going to say you know dad slopes logo is going to read it out to them.
So we want to put that in there.
And also I don't like how big it is at all.
Let's just assume it's a square.
It may not be but we're going to say right.
Let's say 100 and set the width to win 100 as well to keep everything.
Always of course in double quotes as we've been doing in this video so far.
And let's go ahead and go find our life.
There we go.
And as you can see the image is resized which is pretty cool.
Maybe it makes more sense to put the logo in front of the Welcome to the slopes.
So I think I want to.
Well I guess it is there it's just brought it down on the new line because the head are there.
OK.
So yeah I think it's fine.
So there you have it.
We've got an image I could have put this in a table if I wanted to make my logo next to this here.
So I do it.
OK.
OK we'll make another table make another table again.
You don't have to work with tables in the new H.M. because you have CSSA of course.
So what I want to do is this time I only have two columns and in the first column we're going to have
the logo like this K loop.
And the second one is going to have the header like so.
Put it right in there.
Save it.
OK cool.
Welcome to death slopes there's a logo.
OK.
There are the three links.
Now of course you want to be linking an image from a random Twitter page probably not because it may
not always be available we probably want to download it and reference it locally but this is fine for
now.
Web site is coming together so that video this video is done.
What I want you to do.
OK.
I want you to finish this Web site add more things to or if you have your own product or idea go ahead
and build your own similar web site using the tools that we have.
We've talked about images we've talked about frames we've talked about tables and orderless and unordered
lists and paragraphs and HRO and so many things.
And that's 95 percent of what you'll be using every day whenever you're working with HVM L which is
pretty cool you know with the No.
So that's it for now.
Marc price it does slow dot.com moving on and for.